Add suggestion about python versions support (#72)
pyOpenSci/contributing-guide: authoring/overview.md

- **Better/Best:** Choose a license based on your needs and future use of package, plus explain your choice in your submission for review.

## Other recommendations
### Python version support

> As keeping compatibility with old Python versions could be a hard task, pyOpenSci suggests that the package should supports, at least, latest three Python versions, as much as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should always be explicit about which versions of Python your package supports.
Keeping compatibility with old Python versions can be difficult as functionality changes.
A good rule of thumb is that the package should support, at least,
the latest three Python versions (e.g., 3.8, 3.7, 3.6).
```

Reviewer: how about this?

Author: sounds great! suggestion applied! thank you so much!
